# Dissertation Template

Welcome to the `dissertation_template` repository!
This repository serves as a simple template to help you organize 
your research towards your dissertation.
It was adapted from an informal template that was used by many graduate 
students at the Brown University's Department of Economics.
I have added some features and made it publicly available for anyone to use.

## Dissertation

You can find the compiled dissertation PDF [here](dissertation.pdf)

The dissertation uses Lionel Messi's career in football as a case study to demonstrate the various features in LaTeX.

Please note that the content in this repository is purely illustrative and was generated by an AI.
It should not be taken as reflective of Lionel Messi's football awesomeness.

The template is also available in Overleaf at the following link: [Dissertation Template on Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/read/qnwhpvcttwhk#fb94e3).

## Features

### Latex

This repository demonstrates how to use Latex figures, tables, sections, 
subsections, and equations.
You can of course use any other Latex commands to customize 
your dissertation.

To change your affiliation customize the commands in lines 109-110 of the `dissertation.tex` file.

```tex
%% University details
\newcommand{\university}{University Name}
\newcommand{\department}{Department of Something}
```

You also need to update your name, the title, curriculum, and so on, in `dissertation.tex`.

The dissertation includes two chapters in the [`chapter_one`](chapter_one) and [`chapter_two`](chapter_two) folders.
Change the files in these folders to add your own content.

To add a new chapter simply create a new folder and new files following 
the same structure.
You need to add the chapter to the `dissertation.tex` file as well.

### Signature page

The signature page for the dissertation is created in [`signature_page`](signature_page) and added into the main dissertation as a PDF.

## Contributing

I don't anticipate making changes to this repository (I don't expect to write
other dissertations!).
However, if you have any suggestions, improvements, or feature requests, feel free to open an issue or create a pull request.
Contributions are always welcome!

